Add detailed author docs (#200)
weaveworks/profiles: userdocs/profiles.dev/docs/author-docs/kustomize-and-raw.md

---
sidebar_position: 4
---

# Kustomize patches and raw yaml artifacts

Both Kustomize patches and raw yamls (such as a simple deployment manifest,
or any other Kubernetes object) can be added to a profile under the same key.

The resources must be stored locally within the profile directory.
For example:

```bash
org-profiles-repo/
├── our-awesome-apps-profile
│   ├── super-cool-artifact-manifests
│   │   ├── deployment.yaml
│   │   └── patches.yaml
│   └── profile.yaml
...
```

Then in the `profile.yaml` we add these artifact manifests by using the `kustomize`
type identifier:

```yaml
# ...
spec:
  # ...
  artifacts:
    - name: # the name of your artifact as you would like it to be known in the profile
      kustomize:

>         path: "super-cool-artifact-manifests/*" # the relative path to the manifests directory

Reviewer: @aclevername I never actually tried, but do we support `*`?

Reviewer 2: I would guess not since I *think* we do some `filepath.Join(path, value)`. I think we should remove it :smile:

Author: Wait what is the right thing here? I asked about this in slack and was told I didn;t need to do an artifact per file

Reviewer 2: > Wait what is the right thing here? I asked about this in slack and was told I didn;t need to do an artifact per file

yes thats still true. Its just `path: "super-cool-artifact-manifests/"`, no need for `*`

    # ...
```

> The exact directory structure can be as you wish, so log as it is child to the profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The exact directory structure can be as you wish, so long as it is a child to the profile
```

Author: i omitted the `a` on purpose as it is valid english, but i can put it back in for you 😜

Reviewer: haha, it's fine, if you don't want to :D
